dcos: add simulate JVM application faults.md (#101)
chaos-mesh/website: docs/simulate-jvm-application-chaos.md

In addition, creating JVMChaos using Chaos Dashboard is not supported currently.

## Create experiments using YAML files

The following example shows you the methods and effects of JVMChaos with a specified return value. The YAML files referred in the following steps can be found in [examples/jvm](https://github.com/chaos-mesh/chaos-mesh/tree/master/examples/jvm). The default work directory for the following steps is in `examples/jvm`. The default namespace installed by Chaos Mesh is `chaos-testing`.

### 1. Create a namespace and configure MutatingAdmissionWebhook

Create the namespace for the application:

```shell
kubectl create ns app
```

Add the `admission-webhook=enabled` label for the `app` namespace, and allow the MutatingAdmissionWebhook of Chaos Mesh to modify Pods under the namespace.

```shell
kubectl label ns app admission-webhook=enabled
```

Prepare a template for modifications to be made by JVMChaos:

```shell
kubectl apply -f sidecar-template.yaml
kubectl apply -f sidecar.yaml
```

> ### 2. Create tested applications
> 
> [jvm-chaos-demo](https://github.com/chaos-mesh/jvm-chaos-demo) is a simple Spring Boot application and here serves as a target application. A tested application is defined in `example/jvm/app.yaml` as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2. Create target applications

[jvm-chaos-demo](https://github.com/chaos-mesh/jvm-chaos-demo) is a simple Spring Boot application and here serves as a target application. A target application is defined in `example/jvm/app.yaml` as follows:
```

| target    | string            | Indicates the parameter passed to `chaosblade-exec-jvm`, representing JVMChaos targets, supporting servlet, psql, jvm, jedis, http, dubbo, rocketmq, tars, mysql, ruid, redisson, rabbitmq, monodb. | None          | Yes      | jvm     |
| flags     | map[string]string | Indicates parameters passed to `chaosblade-exec-jvm` and represents the flags of action.                                                                                                            | None          | No       |         |
| matchers  | map[string]string | Indicates parameters passed to `chaosblade-execu-jvm` and represents the matching of injection points.                                                                                              | None          | No       |         |

For the meaning of the value of action, refer to:

| Name   | Meaning                                                         |
| ------ | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| delay  | Specifies method call delay                                     |

> | return | Writes groovy and Java implement scenarios                      |

Author: This problem has been solved here: https://github.com/chaos-mesh/website/pull/101/commits/3ca3824612e72e44e80b865ad3de60ca3e5cf73b. Shall I fix it in the Chinese document?

> | return | Writes groovy and Java implement scenarios                      |

Reviewer: I have fixed that in https://github.com/chaos-mesh/website-zh/pull/58. :D

| script | Writes groovy and Java implement scenarios                      |
| cfl    | Java CPU usage overload                                         |

> | oom    | Out of memory, supporting oom of piles, stacks, metaspace areas |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| oom    | Out of memory, supporting oom of heap, stack, metaspace |
```

JVM 里的堆内存特指 “heap memory”(算是专有名词？), 后面的两个也是, 应该直接放到那里就可以了吧。

| ccf    | JVM code cache fill                                             |
| tce    | Throw custom exceptions                                         |

> | cpf    | Connect pool full                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| cpf    | Connection pool full                                               |
```
连接池 “connection pool”, 应该也是个专有名词

> | tde    | The first exception in a throw method                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| tde    | Throw the first exception of method declare                          |
```

| tpf    | Thread pool full                                                |

For the details of action, refer to [chaos blade document](https://chaosblade-io.gitbook.io/chaosblade-help-zh-cn/blade-create-jvm).

> For the parameters passed to `chaosblade-exec-jvm`, Chaos Mesh will merge all fields in `flags` and `matchers` as a request body and then send it to `chaosblade-exec-jvm`. For details, refer to [chaosblade-exec-jvm/Agreements](https://github.com/chaosblade-io/chaosblade-dev-doc/blob/a7074ab656de469f7dfaa19227723d0967c590ae/zh-cn/chaosblade-exec-jvm/%E5%8D%8F%E8%AE%AE%E7%AF%87.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the parameters passed to `chaosblade-exec-jvm`, Chaos Mesh will merge all fields in `flags` and `matchers` as a request body and then send it to `chaosblade-exec-jvm`. For details, refer to [chaosblade-exec-jvm/Protocol](https://github.com/chaosblade-io/chaosblade-dev-doc/blob/a7074ab656de469f7dfaa19227723d0967c590ae/zh-cn/chaosblade-exec-jvm/%E5%8D%8F%E8%AE%AE%E7%AF%87.md).
```
